Update doc for CA1303 to mention new configurability (#5008)
MicrosoftDocs/visualstudio-docs: docs/code-quality/ca1303.md

This warning is raised when a literal string is passed as a value to a parameter or property and one or more of the following cases is true:

- The <xref:System.ComponentModel.LocalizableAttribute> attribute of the parameter or property is set to true. 

- The name of the string parameter that is passed to a Console.Write or Console.WriteLine method is either "value" or "format".

By default, this rule analyzes the entire codebase, but this is [configurable](#configurability).

> Starting with version 3 of the rule, the naming heuristic is no longer used by default but this is [configurable](#configurability).

Author: There is a breaking change compared to previous version so I am mentioning the version here. If that's not how you want to handle it please feel free to edit.

Reviewer: Probably both the hyperlinks for configuration options should now go to the respective sub-sections instead of `#configurability`?

Author: I am not sure to get which change you want here?!

Reviewer: Should this be: `[configurable](#use-naming-heuristic)`?

> Starting with version 3 of the rule, the naming heuristic is no longer used by default but this is [configurable](#configurability).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with version 3.0.0 of the analyzer package, the naming heuristic is no longer used by default but this is [configurable](#configurability).
```

Reviewer: Can we add the github link to the issue where we got quite a few customer votes on making this change in the "See also" section at the bottom of this page?
